Hey what's up.
Picking up where we left off in the last lesson today.
We'll see how to correct that little problem they got when he tried to set a wide and full alignment
for the video blocks.
As you remember our video that was supposed to spend the entire width of the screen simply can't do
that.
To solve this you'll need some additional work.
This idea was taken from a theme that is already available in the Wordpress repository.
One of the feel good and ready themes there.
The theme is called Atomic blocks.
This one here and they solved the video problem using a very simple solution called Fit that's for us
to implement the solution is indeed very easy.
First let's go to the Web site of the project that's FIT vits.
Yes.
That come.
Click here to download
and all I need from here is a copy of this file a query that fits this.
Just pick things up.
I'm going to copy all this code here.
Create a new folder inside our learned W.P. directory create a new file inside this Julias folder.
Other thing
I'm going to say with whatever name I want.
For example it fits that.
Yes of course it needs to have the.
Yes the extension
now have only two important things to do.
First let's see.
Q. This new file at stake advantage of dysfunction that we already have here in the functions that Peachi
file.
And once again call the W.P. and Qs script function inside of it.
The first parameter the file handle pass it as an identifier for the file then type the path to the
file and first is get same play directory your right function and concatenate it with the folder and
the file.
Don't forget this training last before the name of the father of the file.
OK the third parameter is important because we need to pass Shakeri as a dependency to this fire here.
Fortunately WordPress already comes with a curry.
As you know so we just pass an array setting Jake vary as the value
for the version I want pass anything just type here.
No and I'm going to tell WordPress that I want a link with the script at the bottom of the page.
Very simple just add true here as the last parameter and now the second thing you need to do is to call
the script.
Let's go back to the get page
and we're going to copy this code snippet here only.
Now it's up to you where you want to use it.
You can do the same thing I did here and paste this code inside a separate file.
Or paste it right here in our foot.
That's peach peafowl.
This is what I'm going to do.
Let's open up the folder that speech file here.
And right at the end before the barring closing tag I'm going to paste the code that we just copied.
But I only need to make some changes here.
First I'm going to use an alternative syntax for the document RADICH portion if I live that way it would
conflict with wordpress.
So I'm going to replace the allies with J.A.G. and move your lies inside the princes of the anonymous
function.
Another thing I need to do is to define which element will be the target for the script.
Let's go back to the front end.
Inspect the video element
and they got these classes here.
I suggest we use this type video class because you always present regardless of what kind of media you
have here.
If we work for a niche video meal then emotion itself or
especially close here then
say and we want reload the front page to see if it works.
And look now the video has the right size look much better than the gonna test directly here.
Besen the A-line wide class
and it's working to look the result is very very good.
So it's very kin and I hope you enjoyed and I'll wait for you.
Then in the next lesson by.